like this is what I was thinking and I
was like the animals are so important
like animals are important their
feelings matter you know like they
matter you know they feel things and
those documentaries i would watch would
[ __ ] break my heart of seeing like
like they really specified on the cows
how their little babies would be taken
away from them and it [ __ ] breaks my
heart the animals matter but I also
matter you know like I I just hate how
it didn't work out for me honestly I
[ __ ] hate it like I honestly wish
like I could be vegan and like but I
wanted to be that other person you know
that made that change that made that
little difference you know cuz if people
change little by little and they go
vegan like it helps the world it's not
even so it is about the animals you know
but it's also about the world like we
use so much water to feed all those
animals you know and bad things happen
to the animals and I'm aware of it and
it sucks that I just can't do it you
know for the shape they stunned them in
the back of the head and they go then I
go down a ramp and as you have seen in
the videos they get this right Scott
they get hung up and they get bled out
and with the halal meat they get stunned
and supposedly can't feel anything as
they get your throat slit and hung up
and bleed out and there is literally
pools of blood like sitting just out i
don't know i don't actually know what
they do with it and then when the old
use come through so the really really
old sheet it was horrendous like some of
them had cancer some of them actually
had still had little babies inside of
them like little little lambs little
tiny fetus lambs that you would cut out
cut open and i just be lying on the
ground like lying on the floor I know
like yes what I was doing to the sheet
was horrendous but the cows were just
they just I just changed me and
can literally see them like convulsing
like you can see like that the veins and
their legs and their neck and they just
like twitching and convulsing and well
yeah that was one thing that really
really changed me as I actually used to
work in our abattoir 1997 just over
owned the team when I was suffering from
eating disorder and my mom had just died
and it's the the process with the bit
stunned them in the back of the head and
then obviously the fruits flat and then
home to bleed and dry and the bosses
were trying to make out that it doesn't
if you were these phones but you could
totally see them can [ __ ] volson for
the neck down and they totally felt that
I mean some of the times you then be
shaking five minutes of minutes later
they felt it was absolutely terrible to
watch and then obviously the best for
this was in the case of halal which was
supposedly the human we are doing that
there's no [ __ ] him in we are killing
animals I mean come on let's face it
it's absolutely terrible there was even
close it just been born during there was
they had actual fetuses and see them and
they were disloyal wine and the glow and
there's after work pieces I drunk I mean
ice ice lake was absolutely suck at one
point I says to the boys can t be
possible how can we be doing this a
toddler and he sees beyond the top of
the food chain if you can't [ __ ]
handle it you shouldn't be here just do
your lay it is the only dumb animals I
used to get through it and you can see
it in their eyes as I have to see help
man i just felt absolutely terrible i
mean that's all compounded to my
disorder as well and wanted me I
basically wanted the compassion to be
able to go forward and go vegan but I
was obviously stopped because of me the
sword the demon is no open toe less
pastula I've been able to do so and I
just I'm just glad I don't like I was
craving a sandwich so [ __ ] bad like I
have never craved anything so bad in
such a long time like that I [ __ ]
deprive myself of a [ __ ] sandwich I
don't want no [ __ ] sandwich with
[ __ ] tofurkey I did not want that I'm
just gonna be [ __ ]
honest and real with you guys because
that's just the type of person that I am
there I said it I don't [ __ ] care and
it makes me laugh and it made Louie
slapping Viviani laughs and I think
Daisy laughs tomb and I didn't give
myself a [ __ ] sandwich for like three
or four days and now like I feel like
crying and I [ __ ] binge do you know
sons because like all I wants to get
better you know and I did stop eating
red meat for a long time after that but
then I did go back you're sort of like
if you don't keep thinking about these
things and keep you know watching the
videos you sort of get you forget about
it so that's why I'm keeping educating
myself and keeping on to it like not
that I would ever go back but yeah but
all in one voice but were but all one
community were to stand up and do it
straight for the animals do is eat from
the planet